Update README.md (#41)
mattermost/mattermost-plugin-splunk: README.md

**Maintainer:** [@dbejanishvili](https://github.com/dbejanishvili)
**Co-Maintainers:** [@bakurits](https://github.com/bakurits) [@Gvantsats](https://github.com/Gvantsats)

A Splunk integration for Mattermost which enables users to get logs and alerts from Splunk server. To learn more about installing and using this plugin, see [the plugin documentation](https://mattermost.gitbook.io/splunk-plugin/).

## License

> This repository is licensed under the [Apache 2.0 License](https://github.com/bakurits/mattermost-plugin-anonymous/blob/master/LICENSE).

Reviewer: Does this link to the right repo?

> This repository is licensed under the [Apache 2.0 License](https://github.com/bakurits/mattermost-plugin-anonymous/blob/master/LICENSE).

Author: ```suggestion
This repository is licensed under the [Apache 2.0 License](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-plugin-starter-template/blob/master/LICENSE).
```

Reviewer: Why don't link to the file in this repo?

Author: @hanzei, good point. Fixed.

> This repository is licensed under the [Apache 2.0 License](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-plugin-starter-template/blob/master/LICENSE).

Author: ```suggestion
This repository is licensed under the [Apache 2.0 License](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-plugin-splunk/blob/master/LICENSE).
```
